br: introduce global variable `tidb_advancer_check_point_lag_limit` to control log backup checkpoint lag limitation (#21481)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Unit: Bytes
- This variable is used to control the threshold at which the TiDB server prefers to send read requests to a replica in the same availability zone as the TiDB server when [`tidb_replica_read`](#tidb_replica_read-new-in-v40) is set to `closest-adaptive`. If the estimated result is higher than or equal to this threshold, TiDB prefers to send read requests to a replica in the same availability zone. Otherwise, TiDB sends read requests to the leader replica.

> ### tidb_advancer_check_point_lag_limit <span class="version-mark">New in v9.1.0</span>

Author: ```suggestion
### tidb_advancer_check_point_lag_limit <span class="version-mark">New in v9.0.0</span>
```

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Duration
- Default value: `48h0m0s`
- Range: `[1s, 8760h0m0s]`

> - This variable is used to control the maximum allowed checkpoint lag for a log backup task. If a task's checkpoint lag exceeds this limit, TiDB Advancer pauses the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the maximum allowed checkpoint lag for a log backup task. If a task's checkpoint lag exceeds this limit, TiDB Advancer pauses the task.
```
